gt output: somewhere along the line , i became frightened of you .
greedy: even in the way , i was afraid of you .
gpu beam : even for a moment , i was afraid of you . EOS
gt output: `` consider yourself a guest .
greedy: `` consider yourself a guest .
gpu beam : `` consider yourself a guest . EOS
gt output: about 24 hours and thousands of micro@@ transactions later , he was above $ 20 million .
greedy: about twenty-four hours and thousands of micro@@ transactions later , he was at $ 20 million .
gpu beam : about twenty-four hours and thousands of micro@@ transactions later , he was at $ 20 million . EOS
gt output: the licensing authority shall use any ta@@ mper@@ -@@ proof method to record the quantity allocated in such a way as to make it impossible to insert figures or references .
greedy: the licensing authority shall use any other p-@@ -@@ proof amount to determine the quantity authorised in such a way as to make it impossible to insert data or notes .
gpu beam : the licensing authority shall use any other means to indicate the quantity authorised in such a way as to make it impossible to insert data or notes . EOS
gt output: i gave you a chance to sort something out and you 'd rather be doing that ,
greedy: i gave you a chance to something something out and you 'd better be waiting that ,
gpu beam : i gave you a chance to somebody work here and you 'd better be waiting for , EOS
gt output: it 's over with you and gillian , is n't it ?
greedy: it 's over between you and gillian , is n't it ?
gpu beam : it 's over between you and gillian , is n't it ? EOS
gt output: so this maybe boyfriend ... his name on the lease ?
greedy: just a maybe friend ... his name on the lease ?
gpu beam : just a little friend ... his name on the lease ? EOS
gt output: in spanish harlem . - we 'll get him .
greedy: in spanish harlem . - you 'll find it .
gpu beam : in spanish harlem . - you can do it . EOS
gt output: that 's why men are not allowed in here .
greedy: that 's why men are n't allowed in here .
gpu beam : that 's why men are n't allowed in here . EOS
gt output: a beautifully sustained metaphor ! '
greedy: a beautifully built metaphor ! ''
gpu beam : a very nice metaphor ! '' EOS
gt output: with his acquaintances , he 'll easily find you a job with the minister or a good dentist .
greedy: with his connections , he can easily find himself a job with a minister or a good dentist .
gpu beam : with his connections , he can easily find himself a job with a minister or a good dentist . EOS
gt output: are you standing by me ?
greedy: are you standing by me ?
gpu beam : are you standing by me ? EOS
gt output: call me , please .
greedy: remember me , please .
gpu beam : remember me , please . EOS
gt output: the smugglers will thus enable gurney halle@@ ck to meet leto , and the sisterhood plan will be implemented .
greedy: the smugglers would now have gurney standing ying to meet leto , and the sisterhood device will be performed .
gpu beam : the smugglers would then have gurney position to meet leto , and the sisterhood device would be executed . EOS
gt output: i 'm here now though .
greedy: i 'm still now now .
gpu beam : i 'm still here now . EOS
gt output: i 've endured it up to now but i finally understand .
greedy: i 've made it up to before but i already understand .
gpu beam : i 've made it up to before and i already have . EOS
gt output: it was a fig@@ ment of randomly ejected neurons .
greedy: it was the product ment of randomly shot neurons .
gpu beam : it was the product of randomly shot neurons . EOS
gt output: i 'm still waiting .
greedy: i 'm still waiting .
gpu beam : i 'm still waiting . EOS
gt output: there are reports of phaser fire in cargo bay 5 !
greedy: there are reports of phaser fire in cargo bay 5 !
gpu beam : there are reports of phaser fire in cargo bay 5 ! EOS
gt output: as the evening approaches , everyone 's eyes tick , no danger in the morning .
greedy: if the night days , everyone 's eyes boring , a one of the morning .
gpu beam : if the night days , everyone 's friends die , the rest of the morning . EOS
gt output: it 's just ... what i believe .
greedy: it 's just ... what i believe .
gpu beam : it 's just ... what i believe . EOS
gt output: you 're being pursued by a psychotic killer who shoots people in the head .
greedy: you 're being chased by a psychotic killer who shoots people in the head !
gpu beam : you 're being chased by a psychotic killer who shoots people in the head ! EOS
gt output: i like teams . they 're cool .
greedy: i like sports . they 're good .
gpu beam : i like sports . they 're good . EOS
^Cbeam search error, maybe out_np does not end with eos
gt output: at this range , it 'll break a few ribs .
greedy: at this distance , it will break a few ribs .
gpu beam : at this distance , it will break a few ribs . EOS
